welcome browse party here your favorite
youtuber the Greek boughs my voice is
really messed up because I'm done with
the flow again this is the third time
this year man but can he do anyway today
I'm bringing you a weapon comparison
between the SKS and the m4 17 and I
really like both of them
now usually treat them more like assault
rifles instead of sniper rifles and I
can say it really works better that way
this in-depth comparison is categorized
to rpm recoil damage time to kill bullet
ITRC attachments prefer the use of the
gun and final conclusion all the info
was found on simply command for all the
non-believers I'm gonna show you two
screenshots of the statistics - now this
case has 333 RPM while the m4 17 suits
with 295 RPM let's check out the
vertical recoil this case has point 55
while the m4 17 has 1.15 that's more
than double that means the SKS is better
for fast follow-up shots the
side-to-side recoil is high for the SKS
at point three and point four while the
m4 17 has - point zero five and point 25
that means here it calls a lot to the
right side like the m16a3 and a for the
recoil pattern shows that the SKS is
more suitable for quick follow-up shots
more like an assault rifle signal fire
while the m4 17 is more like a fast
semi-automatic sniper that works like a
90 sniper or on the bipod camping weapon
that motorized the m4 17 is more
powerful than the SKS it starts at 50
damage and drops at only 37 point 5 in
long raids that means it's either two or
three shots to kill no matter what this
ka starts at 43 damage and drops to 27
which means it drops enemies with three
or four shots to the chest that doesn't
mean the m4 17 is better it has lower
rpm and really high recoil let's check
out the time to kill chart in normal
mode the m4 17 drops really fast until
the 15 meter mark from 20 to 40 meters
the SKS drops enemies a bit faster than
the m4 17 and has no recoil so that
means it's really easy
to hit the target without low Rico and
from the 45 meter mark and beyond the m4
17 sustains damage while the SKS doesn't
from those statistics who can again see
clearly the purpose of the SKS when
you're standing still or have a bipod
deployed both guns are really accurate
as a sniper rifle but when you start to
be more about the accuracy drops as an
assault rifle and even worse for the m4
17 at 1.5 that means that dice didn't
make the m4 17 as a mobile sniper but
more like as an artist neighbor weapon
the hipfire accuracy on the SKS is
better again because it's more mobile
and up close and personal weapon let's
move on to the attachment please do
yourself a favor and don't use the
foregrip I've been telling these two
people for months after the third part
the foregrip does more their bad than
good specifically it gives a 100%
accuracy penalty to the SKS and 417
after he put the foregrip your gun
becomes 2 times more inaccurate so
please don't do that as far the other
that must go unless you want to be
sneaky and all don't use the suppressor
this case also has the flash suppressor
and the heavy bar with the 417 doesn't
it really depends on your play style
though the SKS and 417 can be a shotgun
with a laser sight on now the SKS with a
suppressor bipod and a holographic or
maybe 3.4 times scope can be very deadly
while defending in maps like the Iran or
sharking peninsula while the 417 with a
bipod an ACOG or 3.4 times scope and
whatever Devon flashlight or laser sight
can be really deadly in bigger maps and
concretes and rush both of them are
shotguns in close quarters if you have a
trigger figure or a rapid-fire mod I was
playing the other day on operation Metro
and a guy in the opposite team had the
SKS with the rapid-fire mod and he was
destroying my team you could hear the
consistency of his shots always at
maximum rpm and therefore maximum damage
per second I personally don't use the
rapid-fire mod because I think it's kind
of cheating but it's not like hacking or
something the bottom line is that both
guns are great for recon guys and want
to play aggressive and btfo a little bit
this case is a perfect antiassault
weapon for long ranges what are the
assault rifles start to struggle you can
also put a laser sight and make it a
subject it has low recoil for quick
follow-up shots and the forgive is
useless to it the flash suppressor along
with the suppressed perk are really
useful because your enemy is suppressed
and can't spot you because of the hidden
muzzle flash the heavy barrel is also
really good for keeping the SKS accurate
in long ranges if your play style
demands it the m4 17 is really great too
again don't use the foregrip the laser
sight makes it a shotgun in close
quarters it's better to use a scope
without a scope player four times or 3.4
times scopes are better it's useful as
an artist diaper or antique a big rifle
you can put on an ACOG bipod and a laser
sight and start downing in medium and
large Maps it's really good in small
Maps too though so that was about it for
today thank you for watching guys
remember to leave a like and if you're a
new viewer may be subscribed this was
Freddie the Greek boss amount as
increased first both multiplier are 2.5
times while the k8 again has made North
only 1.5 that makes the Kate's 2002 the
assault rifle with the list vertical
recalling the game but has extremely
high side